Corrected SPO SELinux/Seccomp references (#67020)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/spo-replicating-controllers.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/security_profiles_operator/spo-selinux.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="spo-replicating-controllers_{context}"]
= Replicating controllers and SecurityContextConstraints

> When deploying SELinux policies for replicating controllers, such as deployments or daemon sets, note that the `Pod` objects spawned by the controllers are not running with the identity of the user who creates the workload. Unless a `ServiceAccount` is selected, the pods might revert to using a restricted `SecurityContextConstraints` (SCC) which does not allow use of custom security policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you deploy SELinux policies for replicating controllers, such as deployments or daemon sets, note that the `Pod` objects spawned by the controllers are not running with the identity of the user who creates the workload. Unless a `ServiceAccount` is selected, the pods might revert to using a restricted `SecurityContextConstraints` (SCC) which does not allow use of custom security policies.
```
- I replaced "When deploying" with "When you deploy" per IBM Style's guidance about avoiding dangling modifiers: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#general-guidelines
- The terms `ServiceAccount` and `SecurityContextConstraints` are formatted as though they are objects, resources, or specs. For clarity, consider adding the appropriate noun after each term (i.e., "Unless a `ServiceAccount` object is selected...").

The SELinux type is not specified in the workload and is handled by the SCC. When the pods are created by the deployment and the `ReplicaSet`, the pods will run with the appropriate profile.
====

> Ensure your SCC is only usable by the correct service account. Refer to _Additional resources_ for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your SCC is usable by only the correct service account. Refer to _Additional resources_ for more information.
```
Place "only" as close to the word it modifies as possible: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-adverbs-only
